Alexandra M. Sampleton-Vandermeer
Plaintiff, Pro-Se
1247 Longmeadow Boulevard, Apartment 14C
Hackensack, NJ 07601
Phone: (201) 555-0101
ALEXANDRA M. SAMPLETON-VANDERMEER,
                               :   SUPERIOR COURT OF NEW JERSEY
Plaintiff,                     :  CHANCERY DIVISION- FAMILY PART
                               :          BERGEN COUNTY
   vs.                         :
                               : DOCKET NO.: FM-02-12345-26
                               :
CHRISTOPHER J. SAMPLETON-VANDERMEER,
                               :           CIVIL ACTION
Defendant.                     :
                               :             SUMMONS

STATE OF NEW JERSEY
TO THE DEFENDANT(S) NAMED ABOVE:                      CHRISTOPHER J. SAMPLETON-VANDERMEER

The plaintiff, named above, has filed a lawsuit against you in the Superior Court of New Jersey.
The complaint attached to this summons states the basis for this lawsuit. If you dispute this
complaint, you or your attorney must file a written answer or motion and proof of service with
the deputy clerk of the Superior Court in the county listed above within 35 days from the date
you received this summons, not counting the date you received it. (A directory of the addresses
of each deputy clerk of the Superior Court is available in the Civil Division Management Office
in the county listed above and online at http://www.njcourts.gov.)

If the complaint is one in foreclosure, then you must file your written answer or motion and
proof of service with the Clerk of the Superior Court, Hughes Justice Complex, P.O. Box 971,
Trenton, NJ 08625-0971. A filing fee payable to the Treasurer, State of New Jersey and a
completed Case Information Statement (available from the deputy clerk of the Superior Court)
must accompany your answer or motion when it is filed. You must also send a copy of your
answer or motion to plaintiff's attorney whose name and address appear above, or to plaintiff, if
no attorney is named above. A telephone call will not protect your rights; you must file and serve
a written answer or motion (with fee of $175.00 and completed Case Information Statement) if
you want the court to hear your defense.

If you do not file and serve a written answer or motion within 35 days, the court may enter a
judgment against you for the relief plaintiff demands, plus interest and costs of suit. If judgment
is entered against you, the Sheriff may seize your money, wages or property to pay all or part of
the judgment.




                                            Page 1 of 2
If you cannot afford an attorney, you may call the Legal Services office in the county where you
live or the Legal Services of New Jersey Statewide Hotline at 1-888-LSNJ-LAW
(1-888-576-5529). If you do not have an attorney and are not eligible for free legal assistance,
you may obtain a referral to an attorney by calling one of the Lawyer Referral Services. A
directory with contact information for local Legal Services Offices and Lawyer Referral Services
is available in the Civil Division Management Office in the county listed above and online at
http://www.njcourts.gov.



                                                     /s/ Michelle M. Smith

                                                     Michelle M. Smith, Esq.
                                                     Clerk of the Superior Court

Dated: _______________



Name of defendant to be served:
Christopher J. Sampleton-Vandermeer

Address of defendant to be served:
89 Shortwood Lane
Teaneck, NJ 07666




                                           Page 2 of 2
